---
layout: post

guid: 4

categories: [Personal]
date: 2016-09-27 22:05:00 UTC
title: Say it in D
author: dmytro
tags: [good, better, the, best]
image: kitten.jpg
---
			
Use this resource to highlight the points of interest of your products. Just a click to open a brief description of each point, allowing your user to get a deep and fast understanding of your product features.

Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk! Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very&hellip; Fetal stemcells, aren't those controversial? 
WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOOD NIGHT! Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV.

Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing. We need rest.  
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised. Why not indeed! Oh, I don't have time for this.  
I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain.

## The Cyber House Rules

She also liked to shut up! Yep, I <a href="">remember</a>. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote `alcoholic` beverages! No, just a regular mistake.

Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! **Cause explosive** decompression! No, she'll probably make me do it. The alien mothership is in orbit here. 
If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate. Hey, guess what you're accessories to. 
Oh yeah, good luck with that. We'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go home.

```!javascript

!function($) {

var defaults = {
sectionContainer: "section",
…
};

$.fn.onepage_scroll = function(options) {
var settings = $.extend({}, defaults, options);
…
}

}($)

```

Who am I making this out to? It's a T. It goes "tuh". Why yes! Thanks for noticing. I wish! It's a nickel. Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute.

<a class="btn" href="#">Button</a>
<a class="btn outline" href="#">Button Outline</a>

But I've never been to the moon! I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things. Can I use the gun? Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose. One hundred dollars.

* And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you?
* But I've never been to the moon!
* You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit!
* We'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go home.
* Oh yeah, good luck with that.

Guess again. That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. Is that a cooking show?

## Lrrreconcilable Ndndifferences

But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. I'll get my kit! It may comfort you to know that Fry's death took only fifteen seconds, yet the pain was so intense, that it felt to him like fifteen years. And it goes without saying, it caused him to empty his bowels. I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger. You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit!


I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger.

Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression!

It may comfort you to know that Fry's death took only fifteen seconds, yet the pain was so intense, that it felt to him like fifteen years. And it goes without saying, it caused him to empty his bowels.
Oh yeah, good luck with that.


Pansy. In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms. Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs?

## The Luck of the Fryrish

Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying! Fry, we have a crate to deliver. In your time, yes, but nowadays shut up! Besides, these are adult stemcells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults whom I killed for their stemcells. This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.


If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. Does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried? Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to as "the brig".

<blockquote>	
	Well, let's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it. But existing is basically all I do! But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. But existing is basically all I do! I never loved you.
	<footer><cite>Bender</cite></footer>
</blockquote>

Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news! Ask her how her day was. You, a bobsleder!? That I'd like to see! Soothe us with sweet lies. Who am I making this out to? And why did 'I' have to take a cab?

<blockquote>
	Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony? Daddy Bender, we're hungry. I love you, buddy!
</blockquote>

Of all the friends I've had&hellip; you're the first. Bender, this is Fry's decision&hellip; and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. Bite my shiny metal ass. You guys realize you live in a sewer, right?

Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! Doomsday device? Ah, now the ball's in Farnsworth's court! Why would I want to know that? Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. She also liked to shut up!
